Refactor the skr test, make it more modular, update the readme (#13880)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/fast-integration/skr-test/README.md

# SKR test

This test covers SKR (SAP Kyma Runtime).

> ## File Structure consists of the following parts:

Author: done

- **provision** folder contains the scripts for provisioning and de-provisioning the SKR cluster using KEB client

> - **oidc** folder contains the OIDC related tests

Author: done

- **commerce-mock** folder consists of two scripts:

>   1. **index.js** contains the commerce mock tests suite

Author: done

>   2. **prep.js** can be called in stand-alone mode for commerce mock resources preparation

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: I would present the two test modes in the introductory section, to keep the step instructions cleaner:

Edit: We might want to mention the 3rd option, running only the commerce mock test, here as well. In which cases might testers want to use that?

```suggestion

## Usage Modes

You can use the SKR test in two modes - with and without provisioning.

### With provisioning

In this mode, the test executes the following steps:

1. Provision SKR cluster and register compass resources
2. Run OIDC Test
3. Run Commerce Mock Test
4. De-provision the SKR instance and clean the compass resources
  
### Without provisioning

In this mode, the test additionally needs the following environment variables:
- `SKIP_PROVISIONING`, set to `true`
- `INSTANCE_ID` the uuid of the provisioned SKR instance
- `TEST_SUFFIX` determines the compass scenario and the app assigned to it. If not set, it's randomly generated.

   >**IMPORTANT:** The `TEST_SUFFIX must be 4 characters long and is required for every commerce-mock test run. If the compass scenario with the given suffix already exists, the test tries to reuse it.

In this mode, the test executes the following steps:

1. Ensure SKR exists and register compass resources
2. Run OIDC Test
3. Run Commerce Mock Test
4. Clean the compass resources

```

Author: I like the idea, see the updated version

> ##Run the SKR test

Author: done

> Before you run the test make sure you prepare the `.env` file based on the `.env.template`:

Author: done

```
INSTANCE_ID
SKIP_PROVISIONING
KEB_HOST=
KEB_CLIENT_ID=
KEB_CLIENT_SECRET=
KEB_GLOBALACCOUNT_ID=
KEB_SUBACCOUNT_ID=
KEB_USER_ID=
KEB_PLAN_ID=
GARDENER_KUBECONFIG=

COMPASS_HOST=
COMPASS_CLIENT_ID=
COMPASS_CLIENT_SECRET=
COMPASS_TENANT=

KCP_KEB_API_URL=
KCP_GARDENER_NAMESPACE=
KCP_OIDC_ISSUER_URL=
KCP_OIDC_CLIENT_ID=
KCP_OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET=
KCP_TECH_USER_LOGIN=
KCP_TECH_USER_PASSWORD=
KCP_MOTHERSHIP_API_URL=
KCP_KUBECONFIG_API_URL=

AL_SERVICE_KEY= #must be a cloud foundry service key with the info about `UAA (User Account and Authentication)`. Learn more about [Managing Service Keys in Cloud Foundry](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services/service-keys.html).
```

> Run the following command to set up the environment variables in your system:

Author: done

```bash
export $(xargs < .env)
```

> ### Usage:

Reviewer: I suggest to put the explanation about the 2 modes in the introductory parts and keep the step instructions leaner. To do this, delete lines 50-60.

```suggestion
``` #

Author: updated

The SKR test can be used in two modes:

#### With provisioning
In this case the tests executes the following steps:
   1. Provision SKR cluster and register compass resources
   2. OIDC Test
   3. Commerce Mock Test
   4. De-provision the SKR instance and clean the compass resources

> Run the test y calling the following target:

Reviewer: Is the `y` a typo or am I misunderstanding the meaning here?

```suggestion
3. Choose whether you want to run the test with or without provisioning.
   - To run the test with provisioning, call the following target:
```

Author: done

Author: done

```bash
npm run test-skr
#or
make test-skr
```

> #### Without Provisioning. 

Reviewer: I suggest put this information into the introduction and delete lines 68-80 here.

```suggestion
```

Author: done

In this mode the test will additionally need following environment variables:
- `SKIP_PROVISIONING` needs be set to `true` in that case
- `INSTANCE_ID` the uuid of the provisioned SKR instance
- `TEST_SUFFIX` is used to determine the compass scenario and the app assigned to it. Will be randomly generated if not set.

>**IMPORTANT:** The `TEST_SUFFIX must be 4 characters long and is required for every commerce-mock test run. In case the compass scenario with the given suffix already exists, the test will try to reuse it.

This mode consists of the following steps:
1. Ensure SKR exists and register compass resources
2. OIDC Test
3. Commerce Mock Test
4. Clean the compass resources

> Run the SKR test in that mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To run the SKR test without provisioning, use the following command:
```

Author: done

```bash
make test-skr SKIP_PROVISIONING=true
#or
npm run test-skr # when all env vars are exported
```

> #### If you only need to prepare the commerce mock resources run:

Reviewer: What is this? Initially, we say there are two modes, is this a third?? 

```suggestion
   - If you only need to prepare the commerce mock resources, run:
```

Author: This is not a mode, but an additional standalone script, which only install some prerequisites for CommerceMock tests, I mentioned it in the file structure already, I thought it is enough to highlight it.

This test covers SKR (SAP Kyma Runtime).

## File structure
- **provision** folder contains the scripts for provisioning and de-provisioning the SKR cluster using KEB client
- **oidc** folder contains the OIDC-related tests
- **commerce-mock** folder consists of two scripts:
  - **index.js** contains the commerce mock tests suite

>   - **prep.js** can be called in stand-alone mode for CommerceMock resources preparation

Reviewer: Our [styleguide](https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology#capitalized-terms) says we avoid CamelCase and use natural language instead.

```suggestion
  - **prep.js** can be called in stand-alone mode for Commerce Mock resources preparation
```

Author: updated

## Usage modes

You can use the SKR test in two modes - with and without provisioning.

### With provisioning

In this mode, the test executes the following steps:

1. Provision SKR cluster and register compass resources
2. Run OIDC Test
3. Run Commerce Mock Test
4. De-provision the SKR instance and clean the compass resources.

### Without Provisioning.

> In this mode the test will additionally needs the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode the test additionally needs the following environment variables:
```

- `SKIP_PROVISIONING`, set to `true`
- `INSTANCE_ID` the uuid of the provisioned SKR instance
- `TEST_SUFFIX` determines the compass scenario and the app assigned to it. If not set, it's randomly generated.

> >**IMPORTANT:** The `TEST_SUFFIX must be 4 characters long and is required for every commerce-mock test run. In case the compass scenario with the given suffix already exists, the test will try to reuse it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**IMPORTANT:** The `TEST_SUFFIX must be 4 characters long and is required for every commerce-mock test run. If the compass scenario with the given suffix already exists, the test will try to reuse it.
```

Author: done

In this mode, the test executes the following steps:
1. Ensure SKR exists and register compass resources
2. Run OIDC Test
3. Run Commerce Mock Test
4. Clean the compass resources

> 

Reviewer: Adding it here, so that users aren't surprised by the 3rd option later :D 

```suggestion

> **NOTE:** The SKR test additionally contains a stand-alone script, which you can use to register the Commerce Mock resources. 

```

Author: done

AL_SERVICE_KEY= #must be a cloud foundry service key with the info about `UAA (User Account and Authentication)`. Learn more about [Managing Service Keys in Cloud Foundry](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services/service-keys.html).
```

2. To set up the environment variables in your system, run:

```bash
export $(xargs < .env)
```

3. Choose whether you want to run the test with or without provisioning.
   - To run the test **with** provisioning, call the following target:

    ```bash
    npm run test-skr
    #or
    make test-skr
    ```
    - To run the SKR test **without** provisioning, use the following command:

    ```bash
    make test-skr SKIP_PROVISIONING=true
    #or
    npm run test-skr # when all env vars are exported
    ```

> ### CommerceMock resources preparation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Commerce Mock resources preparation
```

Author: updated

> The SKR test additionally contains a standalone script, which can be used to register the CommerceMock resources. Run this command to run if you want to prepare the CommerceMock resources:

Reviewer: I added the first sentence to the "Usage Modes" section.

```suggestion
If you want to prepare the Commerce Mock resources

1. Set all the environment variables as explained for the mode without provisioning.
2. Run the following command:
```

Author: done

```bash
npm run test-commercemock-prepare
```

> >**NOTE:** This script also requires all the environment variables to be set.

Reviewer: Adding this as first step because it must happen before running the command.

```suggestion
```

Author: done
